I use these to maintain offline archival of episodic series. I should probably rename things away from 'podcasts' and towards something more ambiguous.

"Add Podcast.bat" is to add a new series to a registry key that I use with "Episode Rename and Sort.bat"

"Episode Rename and Sort.bat" is ran on a file. Using the registry, I added custom context-menu entries that gives me the list of series I am maintaining. Selecting a series from the menu calls this script with that series as an argument. It then finds that series on my server to determine what season and episode numbers it should be given. New years lead to a new season number, which is fine since most of these ARE podcasts and don't have seasons, but I like to organize by year anyway. For the occasional truly seasonal release, I manually start a new season but the episode numbering works throughout a season. If the series name doesn't exist yet, it will create it so I don't have to manually. Makes a copy of the file to be offloaded onto my phone and then sorts the original into the correct path to be dumped onto my server. This is done automatically with ["Dump Videos.bat"](<../Dump Videos.bat>)

"Toggle Show.bat" manages the registry entries used above. As more shows clutter the context menu, I wanted a way to disable the ones that aren't actively being released. Since they may come back or are yearly, this can move them to a different registry location without deleting them entirely. This is a bit easier than having to recreate the keys. This displays enabled and disabled series and allows you to toggle them back and forth.
